Advisor docs (#1347)
scylladb/scylla-monitoring: docs/source/advisor/nodeIOErrors.rst

> IO Errors can indicate a node with a faulty disk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I/O Errors can indicate a node with a faulty disk
```

> ------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-------------------------------------------------
```

> IO Errors are errors that originate from the hardware, most likely from a faulty disk, check that specific node hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I/O Errors are errors that originate from the hardware, most likely from a faulty disk. If this occurs, check the specific node's hardware.
```
